Big brother look oops
What is this kid doing in the house?
The cat is my own daughter
Why do you call him a human trafficker again?
You go away
I sold him to the rich teacher and he will enjoy the blessing
You want your child to beg for fire with him
Brother and mother, I don't want to be separated from you.
Mom, you're peeking at me
Mom is my golden daughter
I don't care about anyone.
Bitch, get out of here
Don't delay my good deeds
It's talent, you see
Uh-huh.
What are you doing?
Don't let your daughter take the child away, go to sleep now
I beg you.
Save my daughter
What about the husband?
Let's take the child away first
What about this woman?
Can't control him
We're good with him